Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey, Luke,
you know where the cereal is?
Layla!
I know you're hungry.
Don't eat your toe,
don't eat your toes.
Don't eat your toe...
Okay, Luke,
let's turn the TV off now, huh?
I'm going to the...
Give me that.
Ratchet little brain.
Hey!
Hey, what?
Who you hey-ing? Don't hey me.
Don't hey me. I'll hey you back.
I'll hey you back.
I'll hay your horses, sucker!
What are you doing?
What are you...
Come here. Come here.
Come here.
Don't jump that way. Come here.
Come here. Yeah, that's it.
Layla!
Let's find you some food, yeah?
Stop yelling.
Good afternoon.
We're out of cereal.
I need you to go to the store.
I need money.
Yeah? How about a job?
You want the kids to eat?
Spend it all on food this time.
-That's it?
-Yeah, that's it.
I got it. Don't worry about it.
What's up?
Come on.
Hey.
Layla.
Come on, guys, let's go.
Go with your mom.
Come on, let's go.
Go with Mama.
-What you lookin' at?
-What?
-Giving me attitude?
-Just leave me alone.
-You just woke up.
You giving me attitude?
-Oh, my gosh.
Don't ever get married.
Come here.
-Hmm?
-Come here.
What?
I wanna ask you a question.
Come here.
What?
What's he doing here?
Who?
Him.
In front of my house,
sitting in the car. Huh?
Come on.
I just had him give me a ride,
so I'm having him
wait out there.
I deal with you.
-I know, that's why
I'm having him wait--
-Bring him inside.
It's gonna attract
attention out there.
Come on, fuck!
-Right now?
-Yes, now. Bring him in.
All right.
Yo, Beaver, come on.
Come in.
You guys having
a good play date?
I'm sorry,
you want a fucking tour?
Keep your head down
and your mouth shut.
Close the door behind you.
Hey.
Don't touch anything.
That shit will blind you.
It will.
Am I picking up?
What?
You sure?
I mean,
it was a slow month.
- Slow month?
- Yeah.
I give you
something, Troy,
I want you to sell it.
I understand.
It was just a slow month, though.
I didn't give
it to you to play with it.
- I fell you. I--
- I can help out.
I'm sorry. What did you say?
I can help you.
We spoke about it,
and you know,
I can come in,
I can help out, you know.
I need the money.
Oh, I didn't speak
to him about shit.
What are you talking
about, Beaver?
He can help me.
He doesn't know
what the fuck
he's talking about.
That's good. That's good.
That's good.
I could use some help.
I've been looking for some help.
Thank God
you're here to help me.
- It's fucking great.
- Whoa.
How're you gonna help me?
Whoa, whoa...
Wyatt, Wyatt...
How're you gonna help me?
Hey, you don't have
to worry about him, Wyatt,
he's not--
Just tell me.
Wyatt, it's cool.
Wyatt, Wyatt...
How're you gonna help me?
Wyatt, Wyatt... Chill, man.
You don't want--
Maybe there's something
about my business
I wasn't thinking about.
You don't have
to worry about him.
Something I didn't think of,
you're gonna give
me some advice? Huh?
Wyatt, listen to me.
You don't got to
worry about him.
You know why I worry?
'Cause you're fuckin' stupid.
I ain't goin' to jail
for your mistakes.
Better keep your
little mouth shut.
It's just water.
Next time it won't be.
- Stack's by the door.
- All right.
- Sell everything I give you, Troy.
-For sure.
Let's go. Beaver, let's go.
-No more fucking excuses.
-For sure. For sure.
Right here?
So you find this guy,
brand new shoes, brand new suit.
Might you be suspicious of him?
- Yeah, I would.
- All right.
Joel came out of prison, right?
Does anybody know
why he was in prison?
I'm wondering what's going on.
Did you guys read the book?
I hope you did
because it s pop quiz time.
Books under your desk,
phones and electronics away,
pens out, people.
You all have till 10:00
to complete the test.
Good luck.
You're late.
Please have a seat, quickly.
In the middle of taking a test.
Pass this down to Mr. Tardy.
What you got? A?
St. Angelo?
I don't know.
You got any cash on you?
No, I don't have anything.
-No, but I got some--
-Okay, then fuck you.
You guys aren't smoking my weed
'cause you guys never pick up...
I smoke you guys out
every week...
-Hey.
Hey, you know, I never do that.
What? Take a pop quiz?
No, like, copy answers.
I hate English, you know.
Well, that's a lie.
It's all right.
I never let dudes
cheat off me, so, you owe me.
All right, all right.
I owe you one.
We're hangin' out tonight.
I can pick you up at 8:00.
It's not that easy.
Come on. Why not? Why not?
Because we don't
know each other.
All right...
What do you wanna know?
What do you need to know?
You wanna see a magic trick?
Is that what it is?
Really?
You got a pen?
All right, let's see. All right.
There you go.
-Real pen, right?
-Mmm-hmm.
-Yeah?
Wow.
See, that's why
we should hang out.
Come on, give me your number.
I don't date high school guys.
What the fuck, bro?
What the fuck was that, Beaver?
Real fucking smooth.
Hey, come on. I mean,
that was a good trick, right?
Let's hang out.
-I just wanna get to know you.
-It's never gonna happen, okay?
Can you get that
through your head?
Or are you some kind of retard?
Hey, you don't
have to use that word.
I can take a hint.
You don't have to use that word.
Okay?
Whoa, whoa. Hey.
Wait. I'm sorry, okay?
I am.
You were saying?
We just hang out
at this place
called Grover's Lot.
It's this old
abandoned parking structure.
We just drink and shit.
Okay, so...
you wanna go to some
junkyard and do what,
drink beer out of paper bags?
-I just thought that--
-I'll see you at 8:00.
Cool.
You wanna know where it is?
Yo, Sheila!
Sheila!
What up?
You gained some weight?
-Go fuck yourself, Troy.
-In a good way. In a good way.
I'm trying to give
this girl a compliment,
and she's like taking it
a lil' personally.
She's like fillin' herself out.
More cushion
for the pushin', you know.
Speaking of prude,
that girl, Kat,
I heard she gave Steve Russell
a knobber in Mickey D's lap.
Bullshit, man.
-Bullshit?
-Bullshit.
Ain't bullshit.
Yeah, you probably heard that
from Steve Russell.
I did hear it from
Steve Russell,
but that don't make it dog lie.
-Why is he gonna lie?
Yeah. You call him a liar.
'Cause she's a smokin' hot
piece of ass, that's why.
Beaver, don't get strung out
by that cock knocker, all right?
I mean, it ain't about
scoring pussy anyway.
I've seen her sweat
in the first week she landed.
No, man. A girl like that,
ain't gonna give a loser
like him a blowjob.
You mean a handjob.
What?
A knobber, bro, is a handjob.
What... For real? You sure?
Yeah, yeah. It's a handjob...
I think.
You guys don't know, do you?
Either way, she's a ho.
Do you see the way
she ties her shirt up?
Titties poppin' out.
No panties on,
sex juice drippin'
out of her ears...
She needs a Kleenex.
Guys, she got it goin' on.
I mean, why shouldn't
she show it off, right?
- I would.
- Yeah, you would.
No, besides, I mean,
she's been coping with
a lot of shit being new and all.
You gonna nail it or what, bro?
-I don't know.
-What do you mean,
you don't know?
You better get up in that, bro.
-I don't know.
-Yeah.
Yeah? Yeah? Yeah?
Cop, cop, cop, cop.
Put that down.
Shit...
Stacking boxes on...
I'm never getting a fuckin' job.
What are you doin'?
-You keep doin' it like--
-Can you hook me up?
Can you hook me up?
No, bro.
He's selfish.
It's not about that--
To me, it is.
It's not about that.
I just don't know. I just--
Is this your girl?
Yo, anywhere!
Is this her?
Yeah.
Oh, damn.
Oh, my God.
Yo, that's a nice ride.
Yeah.
I'm Kat.
I know.
Oh, really?
Yeah, I know.
I'll take that.
Thanks.
Where are you from?
Which time?
I don't know.
Florida.
- Oh, yeah?
- Mmm-hmm.
Where in Florida?
-Do you know Florida?
-Mmm-mmm.
Okay. Why ask?
I got, like, friends and family
there in Tampa and...
Orlando or something.
That's where Florida is...
Yeah.
Hey, you party?
Uh, depends.
You get high?
The answer's still the same.
What you workin' with?
I'll show you
what I'm workin' with.
Jesus.
What the fuck is this?
What? What? What?
Stems and seeds?
-Gets me high.
-Gets the job done.
Yeah.
No. Uh-uh.
Rude.
You're picky!
I am picky.
Yeah, what's up with this girl?
Don't...
-God.
-I'm gonna go,
fucking tag some shit up.
What do you mean?
-Oh, he's gonna--
-Tag some shit up.
Yo, who's got it?
Who's got the paint?
You got? Here.
Thanks.
Rhonda, you have to move.
I'm making like a...
-What?
-You have to move.
No, I'm not gonna move.
I was here first.
I'm gonna make
like a whole mural
on this wall, all right?
Hey, you.
You, come here.
Fuck!
This is fucked up!
Here, I'll give you my jacket.
-Here, you take my jacket--
-I don't want
your fucking jacket.
It's warmer.
Just gimme your shirt.
I got you.
You're such an asshole!
Oh, my God! Fuck you!
So this is what I get
for letting you cheat off me?
- This?
- Yeah.
Got the whole night.
I guess, yeah.
All right.
This is the good stuff.
I've been saving it.
For what?
Just saving it, you know.
It's good.
Let me see that.
Wow, it smells strong.
Yeah, I told you
this is the good stuff.
Just gonna make it.
I... You know what, I...
I can't.
Come on. Oh, fuck.
No, really. Save it. I--
No, for real.
I thought you liked to party.
No, I do. It's just...
you know, my mom...
hates me right now,
and I can't risk it.
-Okay.
-I'm sorry. I just...
Uh...
Hey, give me your phone.
Give me your phone.
Boom.
Text me...
so I have yours.
See you tomorrow.
All right. Yeah. Later.
Good night.
Thanks for tonight.
Yeah.
- Forty.
- Fuck that. Twenty.
Fine.
The shit better be good.
Don't fucking try
and rip me off again.
Hey.
Whoa, whoa. Who's this?
She's cool.
You need?
We're good. Go.
Where to?
I know a spot.
Thanks for driving.
No problem.
Yo, you sure
this is a good spot?
Stop freaking out, Rhonda.
You mind?
No. Do it up.
All right, all right, let's go.
Fuck. Chill.
Relax, stupid, greedy bitch.
Stupid shit like that
caused Jeremiah to OD.
Fucking idiot.
You're up.
Just go easy.
Shit is cranked.
What's it cooked with?
Not sure.
Ask Troy.
He cooks it?
Jesus, girl,
are you getting high
or writing a fucking book?
Shut up.
I'm sorry. I've got to go.
Relax.
I am, it's just...
My mom's been glued
to my shit recently, and I...
-I can't push it.
-She's been glued to my shit.
She's been glued to my shit.
Fuck her. You said it yourself.
Yeah, I don't wanna push it.
You ever done it before?
Try it.
Or not. Whatever.
More for me.
Troy.
Why you knockin'? Gimme that.
I lost the key, dude.
-You lost the keys again?
-Yeah.
So?
Thanks.
Where are you going?
What, you want me
to bring this with us?
Go driving around with it?
I don't know.
You gotta think, man.
Let's get some pizza.
No, I wanna go Chinese, dude.
I don't care. I wanna get pizza.
I got it.
Fucking phone, bastard.
It's not in my room.
It's in your pocket.
-No.
-It's in your pocket.
Dude, it's in the fucking
living room,
on the counter.
It's right here.
Jesus. Hurry up.
Let's go!
Stop bitchin'!
Hello?
Mom?
- Sweetie?
- Mom, where are you?
Baby,
give me the phone.
-Hi, are you coming?
-Shit.
Jimmy, what day is it?
It's your day, Meredith.
Yeah, no... I'll be right there.
Shit.
Hey.
Did you forget?
I overslept. I'm sorry.
You haven't seen
him in three weeks.
Hi!
I missed you!
Okay, come on,
let's get in the car.
Okay.
How are you?
I'm fine.
I wish you were
a little better than "fine."
Well, I'm on a job right now.
You know how it is.
Yeah. I do. I know.
How's life?
How's Sharon?
Sharon's good. Things are good.
Really good.
Cool.
-I'll go get his stuff.
-All right.
You in deep again?
I don't know.
This one's different.
Oh, yeah?
How's that?
It's just different.
I... I can't really
talk about it.
You know that.
I don't know how you do it.
What's that?
I guess, I mean "why."
I don't know why you do it.
I mean... you're driven,
that's usually a good thing.
But?
But...
But what you do
is dangerous, Mere.
Okay, don't lecture me.
-It's not a lecture--
-You are.
You're telling me
to put aside my job
to be a better mom.
That's...
-I would--
-Why not?
Well, I will.
I will. Just...
As soon as I'm done
with this one.
Okay. All right.
I mean, you know...
Do whatever you have to do.
I mean, it's...
Sharon's fine
having him full-time.
She loves him and he's starting
to warm to her, so...
Full-time?
-Nice.
-If that's all right with you.
No, it's not.
Here you go, sweetie.
All right.
Have him back by tomorrow.
Will do.
Bye, buddy.
All right, sweetie.
Ready?
Are we gonna
have some fun today?
Oh, come on.
All right.
But he's the funniest guy
I've ever seen in my life.
Come on, man. You all right?
-He drinks too much.
-Are you all right?
You drink too much, Flip.
Come on, man.
Fuck up, Troy.
Come on, let's go inside.
You all right?
He's too Italian for alcohol,
he's gotta stick with weed.
Come on, just lay down.
Not in my room, not in my room.
Not in my bed, not in my bed.
-Put him on the ground.
-All right.
Hey, where's the weed?
Sit here, mate, all right?
Who got the weed?
Since when did you
become so responsible?
I got the motherfucking weed.
I'm responsible?
Give me the motherfucking weed.
Gina's got
the motherfucking weed.
Now you'll taste her.
Yo, Eddie!
All right.
What is that?
-What?
-What kind of hit is that?
I thought you're from Florida.
I thought you guys
are real toakers
from Florida.
What happened
to all that big talk?
What was that?
Beaver, show her how it's done.
Show me.
-Yeah!
-Show me.
It's not rocket science.
Oh, God. Oh, no.
Look at this kid.
His lungs go down to his dick!
Yeah.
-Fuck!
-Yeah.
-No!
-Yeah, let her have it.
What kind of frog are you?
Yo, Kat,
what kind of frog are you?
-What?
-There's two kinds
of frogs in the world.
-I didn't know that.
-Let me tell you the story.
Hold on.
Come on, you heard the story
about the two frogs?
There's two kinds.
I'm about to drop
some knowledge on you.
I wanna know.
All right, listen.
There's two kinds
of frogs, right?
And you're either
one or the other.
-It starts like this.
-All right.
So there's
a pot of water, right?
And it's boiling.
It's brought to a boil.
The frog hops into it,
hops right out,
'cause it's boiling.
And just like, it was hot.
- Jumps right out, right?
- Yeah.
But then there's
the other frog--
What are
you talking about?
Just listen to me.
I know what
I'm talking about, Gina.
I know what I'm talking about.
Just let me tell the story.
I'm trying to drop
some philosophy on Kat.
She doesn't know this shit.
-She's never heard it like you.
-I know the fucking story!
-You're being selfish here!
-Oh, fuck.
Listen. So then...
So then, there's this
pot of water, right,
that's lukewarm.
-Yeah. Okay.
-Right?
The frog jumps into it,
starts swimming around
like he's at the Ritz-Carlton,
-just havin' a good ol' time.
-Yeah.
And then we slowly
bring that water to a boil.
But that frog just stays in it
as it's brought to a boil,
and that frog dies.
Is that the end of the story?
Yes. Beaver,
what kind of frog are we?
I think that's
a stupid fuckin' story.
Rhonda, I told you
that story before
and you said it was funny.
- This is gonna come off, right?
-  -Yeah.
I don't need
make-up remover?
Maybe.
I don't have that.
Yeah, right,
open your eyes. Let's see.
So pretty!
-I look pretty?
-Yeah, so pretty.
You look pretty.
No, I seriously
went through this
whole month of like, winking,
I couldn't stop.
Like, I had to,
like, cut it out.
You know what I think?
What?
You stoned.
-No.
-Yeah?
No.
It takes a lot more than that
to get me high.
-Oh, yeah?
-Trust me.
Do you guys have
anything stronger
in this town or what?
Why are you asking me?
I don't know anything.
Why don't you ask
your new BFF, Gina?
Oh, really? Okay.
But really,
do you have anything?
Yeah. What are you looking for?
Shards.
You mean dope?
Yeah.
I don't know. Yeah.
Troy might have 'em.
Yo.
Did someone fuck
with the breaker?
Police! Don't move!
Police! Put your hands up!
Put your hands in the air
where I can see them, right now!
-They're up. They're up.
-What is this?
What is this?
You know marijuana
is illegal here, right?
Where's the rest of the drugs?
Where are the drugs?
It's in the TV cabinet.
Flip, what the fuck?
Oh, look at that.
Only reefers and pills.
Oh, my God.
-What the fuck was that?
-Fuck!
Fuck!
God...
Fucking dick.
Was that you?
Oh, my God,
you guys are bitches!
-Was that you?
-You're such a bitch, dude.
You are such an asshole.
What is wrong with you, guys?
Why are you letting
me take your shit?
Who is this?
He's Flip.
You always give your drugs away?
-No, he's fucked up.
-You should choose
better friends.
-Fucked up.
-What's on your face, dude?
Is that fuckin' make-up?
Are you wearing make-up?
-What is wrong with you, dude?
-Oh, fuck, no.
Did you do that to him?
Why are you laughing?
-Stop with the light.
-Did you? You did that?
-Yes, I did that.
-I was passed out.
That's a really nice job.
The fuck are you doin' here?
Oh, I'm sorry,
I didn't know
I had to fuckin' check with you,
clear my itinerary.
I'm just sayin'.
I'm sorry. I didn't...
I didn't...
You scared the shit
out of me, Wyatt.
Who are you?
Who the fuck are you?
I'm Prince Charming.
Couldn't you tell?
No, I couldn't.
You're in my cousin's house.
I see you're friends
with Beaver.
Mmm-hmm.
How's that treatin' you?
What do you mean?
You fuckin' him?
'Cause if you are,
I need to know something.
Can you... Can you tell me
if the rumors are true?
About him not having any balls.
What? What are you laughing at?
No, I heard that, for real.
Somebody told me that.
That he had no balls.
Well, I haven't fucked him yet.
But when I do, I'll be sure to
let you know
what I find down there.
Yeah, you do that.
Well, this is a party. Fuck.
When you're done
playing dress-up,
come outside.
Fuck's the matter with you?
Hi.
Hey.
You all right?
Yeah.
You still want that thing?
What thing?
Oh, uh...
Yeah. Yeah, I do.
What do I owe you?
-Sixty.
-Okay.
-Pay me later.
-No, I've got cash.
No, pay me later.
Just go easy on that, all right?
It's strong.
Okay.
How's your sandwich?
Too much mayo.
What do you need?
I don't know.
I don't have anybody
off the street.
Where's the cook?
I'm close.
That's not good enough.
You don't get the cook,
we go with the dealers.
The dealers don't matter.
They're kids.
This fucker has a dozen of them.
Whatever. Who gives a shit?
Bust them all.
Set them back a year or two.
They're useless.
Unless we can get one
of them to go CI.
Anyone close?
Not yet.
The fuck are you waiting for?
Someone to ask you to the prom?
Twelve died in this county
from ODs last year,
six of them minors.
Let's keep your
head in the game.
These are people's lives
we're dealing with.
If we're gonna bust them,
let's make sure we got
something more than dying bags.
People's lives?
Are you really saying
that to me?
Do you know how fucking long
I've been doing this?
Do you not think I'm aware
of what effect we have
on this community?
We're doing this
for people's lives.
Remember that.
Hey, Kat.
Kat?
-Hey.
-What up?
Nothin'.
What are you doin' out here?
I don't know,
I'm... lookin' to score.
Huh?
Lookin' to score.
You're lookin' to score?
Yeah.
All the way out here?
Gina said I might
have some luck.
Do you know anyone?
No.
We don't know anybody.
We'll let you know
if we hear anything, though.
That'd be nice.
We're nice guys,
so you're in luck.
I'll bet.
-You don't believe me?
-Let's go.
No, hold on a second.
You don't believe me?
You don't think I'm a nice guy?
I don't know you.
No, you don't.
All right. Well, see you later.
I hope you mean that.
I mean,
do you wanna see us later?
Or are you just fucking with us
like all the rest of
the pencil-dick
motherfuckers you do?
-Let's go.
-No. Shut up.
You wouldn't do that to us,
though, would you?
Hate to feel like we're just
the dog, you're the thumper,
running around in circles,
no bone in sight.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Think about it.
I will.
This is definitely good.
I know how it is in Florida.
You guys got the goods?
We got the goods. Yeah.
- You got the quality.
- Oh, yeah.
I mean, do you
wanna see us later?
Or are you just fucking with us
like all the rest of
the pencil-dick
motherfuckers you do?
"'He give 'em to Pa for a shoat.
We never did know
where he got that wire.'
They slowed for the rise,
moving their feet
in the deep soft dust,
feeling the earth
with their feet.
Joad's eyes were
inward on his memory."
How're you doing?
Have a nice day.
-Hi, there.
-Hi.
Last name?
Yeah. Pickin' up for Rivers.
ID, please.
Yep.
-There you go.
-Great. Thanks.
Thank you.
Sore throat, huh?
Here you go.
Thanks.
Is there a problem?
Looks like your formulary
was amended.
I get this every month.
Part of my military disability.
It's for anxiety.
Your insurance
no longer covers it. Here.
You're not listening to me.
I need it.
Give me a sec.
Thank you.
Sorry. I'll just be a minute.
Hi.
Sir, you have
to pay full price.
It's not up to us.
That's how you treat everybody
who put their life on the
line for your freedom?
It's $282 without insurance.
Excuse me.
Listen...
I can't afford it.
I understand.
Bullshit.
You don't understand.
-I bled for this country.
-Okay.
Gave it my best fuckin' years.
Now I'm supposed
to just bend over,
take it in the ass?
While the government
gives handouts to
fuckin' deadbeats
homeless people
and rag heads like you?
-Wow.
-Yeah. Wow.
Can I help you?
I sacrificed for you people.
Okay, sir.
You're welcome, fuckers.
Hey.
Hey, Wyatt.
You following me?
Please.
-I need a hit.
-I'm not a fuckin' dispensary.
-Troy's not coming with us.
-I mean it, Gina. Beat it.
Please, Wyatt.
Please?
Fuckin' Christ, Gina.
I'll do whatever you want.
-Come here.
-Yeah?
You're better than this.
I know.
Find a hobby, Gina.
Fucking asshole!
Hey.
I've been knocking.
I know. I heard you.
Well...
Did you think to answer?
How do you know where I live?
Flip told me.
Flip?
Shit.
You okay?
It's nothing I'm not used to.
Who did that?
What do you want?
Beaver, who did that to you?
I owe you.
Can I come in?
You should go.
Why?
My dad's gonna
be back any minute.
He's not a fan of guests.
Sure I could win him over.
No. Nah.
You know, it's nothing personal.
He's just not a fan of people.
What if I just
came in for a second?
Please?
It's not normally this messy.
Uh...
Just give me a minute.
I'll clean it up.
We were supposed to
do the laundry yesterday, but...
we had to...
Jeff?
Just give me a minute.
Hey.
What happened?
It broke.
Yeah. I can see.
-You all right?
-Yeah.
Let's tell Dad that I did it.
-All right.
-All right?
All right.
This is my brother.
-Hey.
-Hello.
All right.
Go eat it in another room.
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
-All right.
You can go play a video game.
Yeah.
Bye.
He seems cool.
Yeah.
He's a pain in the ass,
but I don't know...
he's...
he's very cool.
My dad usually looks after him,
but he spent a few extra
days at the lake with his
fishing buddies and...
So after he gave
you that shiner...
Put this on your eye.
Thanks.
You ever wonder
why things happen
the way they do?
Some people, it's just so easy.
And then...
the rest of us,
we have to work for it.
It fucking sucks.
Yeah.
I wanna get him out of here.
I'm getting my brother
out of this place.
There's this school in Oregon.
It's supposed to be the best
for kids like him.
And...
I have 800 bucks stashed up.
You give me about half of it.
Thanks.
What for?
Letting me in.
Yes.
Stop. Stop.
Fuck!
-What?
-I'm sorry.
I can't.
Okay, I have one, too.
Okay.
Yeah, you grab that one.
You can have that one.
Right here. Over here.
Hold on, you guys.
Here, you want one?
There you go.
Of course, sweetie,
they're right there.
-Meredith, it's good to see you.
-Hey.
Yeah, you too, you too.
How are you?
Good. Good.
Yeah, you know, just...
-A lot...
-Yeah.
-I can see that.
-I can...
Thank you.
-You made it.
-Yeah. In the flesh.
Well, you know,
it's better late than never.
We're really glad you're here.
Thanks.
Yeah, we have...
We have cakes still.
So let me get you a slice.
Okay.
Is it made out of
carrots and celery--
-Okay, all right.
Come on, not now.
-And all that healthy shit?
She's a vegan who
drives an electric car
and teaches yoga.
Vegetarian.
Oh, that's better.
Hey, it's mine.
It's mine!
-I got it first!
-It's mine!
Hey, buddy.
Come on, one second.
-It's mine!
-Okay.
-All right.
-We're gonna
take a little time out.
It's mine, Mommy.
I know, sweetie.
We're gonna go--
I'll see you
in a second, buddy.
Did he say "Mom"?
Yeah, he started
doing that recently.
I don't like that.
Well, he's confused.
Does she live here now?
She... She moved in
two weeks ago.
All right.
We... We got engaged.
Just...
Oh...
Yeah.
Congratulations.
I was gonna...
I was gonna tell you.
No, I'm happy for you.
I just...
Uh, I'm... I'm gonna go.
Wait. Come on.
-I just need a second.
-Mere, come on.
Hey.
Excuse me, guys.
Meredith.
Look, I'm... I'm sorry.
I didn't... That's not...
I didn't know how
you were gonna take that.
How did you think
I was gonna take it?
It's just, I don't know,
I didn't want you to be upset.
Well...
It's fine.
I should have seen this coming.
I waited for you.
You know that.
I'm sorry.
I... Hey!
-Hey.
Fucked up...
This guy.
-You sure?
-Yeah.
Wyatt Rivers.
Wife, two kids.
On tour in Iraq.
Two priors.
DUI and disorderly,
registered handguns,
permit to carry, no convictions.
You think he's cooking?
Yeah, maybe.
Maybe?
Where's your head at?
I don't know. My kid, I guess.
He barely recognizes me.
I'm just... I'm having
a hard time following leads.
You have to give me
something, anything.
I know. I will.
Get this shit
out of the streets.
I...
-I need more time.
-We don't have more time.
Do this now,
and you and your kid
can go to fucking Disneyland.
What are you doing?
What the fuck
are you doing here, huh?
-I'm... I'm sorry.
-What are you doing in my trash?
I'm sorry!
I fucked up, okay, I just...
I needed a taste.
Need something...
I'm... I'm sorry.
Please.
Don't hurt me.
No.
How do you know where I live?
Everyone knows.
They say you cook
the best stuff.
Fuck!
Okay, I'm just gonna go--
Who says that?
-I don't--
-Who the fuck says that?
I don't know, Troy,
his brother, maybe,
I don't know.
Just let me go.
And I won't bother you again,
I promise.
Please.
Don't move.
Go ahead.
Thanks.
This is the last time
I wanna see you here.
-Okay.
-You don't tell anybody
where I live.
-I won't.
-Ever.
Got it.
You know what's ironic?
You make this
stuff everyone wants,
then you get mad
when they need it.
Not really that simple.
I wouldn't expect
you to understand.
-Try me...
-You can't.
You're a victim of the system.
You believe what you're told.
You're sheep among sheep.
So you're a shepherd?
I'm a businessman.
This country got
five million people unemployed,
twenty million in poverty,
but you're not
gonna find me on welfare.
You go ahead,
read all those history books
they give you.
Memorize all the lies.
When you graduate
and they hand you a diploma,
you tell me how far
they get you
when they cut off
the electricity
and you can't pay the bill,
or when you'll take
any fuckin' job,
'cause you got
no food in your pantry
and your kids are hungry.
If you don't take the job,
spic down the block sure will...
do twice the work
for half the pay.
So, you're a businessman.
This is your office?
Work at home kinda guy?
I think it's time for you to go.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Hang on.
Come here.
Sit.
-I--
-Gimme one sec.
Came here for a fix...
do it up.
-Later.
-Now.
You arms.
For a junkie,
clean as fresh snow.
No track marks in sight.
-I only smoke it--
-Bullshit.
Couple of minutes ago,
you were digging
through my trash,
looking for used needles.
You want me to trust you?
I don't care if you trust me.
You should.
Don't look at me.
What the fuck
are you waiting for?
Get it in.
Good?
Yo, you were supposed
to be here 40 minutes ago.
What gives? You forget...
Whoa, Kat, hey...
Yo, Kat, just...
Hey, yo, let's get inside.
Come on.
Get up. Get up. Get up.
Come on. Now, get up.
Fucking...
Kat, where's your keys?
Where's your keys?
Fuck!
Help me!
Can I get
a doctor, please?
Help!
Sir, sir, sir...
What's wrong with her?
The doctor thinks
you're gonna...
You're gonna be fine.
I'm just worried about you.
Bad timing.
Dad, give us a minute.
Okay.
How are you feeling?
Like I fucked up.
Yeah.
Report is gonna say that
you were held down
and injected,
trying to salvage this.
These things happen sometimes.
Toxicology said the batch was
as same as the rest.
Fuckin' cheap.
And highly toxic.
But nothing to make me think
you were set up.
I wasn't set up.
Doesn't appear that way.
Just a nasty OD.
And if that kid hadn't
gotten you here so fast,
you'd be dead.
I'm gonna talk to him.
You will get your chance.
First, I need you to
fill out some paperwork.
Bring it around
the lot tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
But...
What's the case say?
We've got nothing
but possession.
We missed our shot.
DEA wants me to get him now.
No.
Wyatt's cooking.
If we nail him with possession,
he'll get out with
a slap on the wrist.
And why do you need all of them?
This is all we got,
because of this.
So I need them.
Troy, Beaver,
every one you fingered,
otherwise this
whole fucking thing
is a waste of our time.
That wasn't the plan.
There's enough
marijuana charges
for all of them.
I'm not here to bust potheads.
You're not here to bust anyone.
Not anymore.
You're off the case.
They're shutting down
your apartment,
so I need your phone
and the report
as soon as possible.
You know, I know it's shitty,
but you're alive.
Don't forget that.
Get these questions
answered and bring
it back for me, okay?
Thank you, sweetie.
Hi.
I'm here to see Kat Carter.
I don't have anyone
here under that name.
Oh, sorry. Katherine Carter.
I don't see her in my system.
Well, that can't be right.
Can you look again?
I already checked.
Are you sure
she's a patient here?
Of course, I'm sure.
My friend dropped her off.
Well, we've no one
here by that name.
That's bullshit.
Check again.
Next.
Thanks for being
of great fucking help.
No, that was the best work, Sam.
You're right.
Detective...
Yo, Troy.
Yo, we got next.
Blow me, fuck face.
All right, I'm telling Mom.
-Hey, Mom.
-Blow me right now while I play.
No, I'm telling Mom. Mom!
You rat.
Mom.
Hey, she said let me play.
-She said let me play, dude.
-No, she didn't.
-She did. I swear.
-She's passed out.
She's passed out
and you know it.
Dude, fuckin' let us play
or I'll turn this off.
No, you'll not.
-Yeah, I am.
-Don't touch it.
I'm about to get to
the next level. Don't touch...
Don't touch my game.
Yeah, this is what you get, bro.
Dude!
Little motherfucker.
What the fuck
did I tell you, huh?
What did I tell you?
Dude, just stop! Mom! Mom! Mom!
-Hey, why are you
smacking yourself?
-Dude!
-Dude! Mom!
-Like a bitch.
Mom, Troy's beating me up!
-Close your fists.
Close your fists.
-Dude.
Dude, I will fuckin'
wreck your world.
-Beat your own ass like a man.
-Fuck off!
Help me out, dude. Come on.
What, you think Beaver's
gonna help you?
Whaddup, Wyatt?
Yeah. Talk to you outside.
What's the matter with you, huh?
Yo.
I owe you an apology.
I didn't know
she was gonna react like that.
Yeah, you could have killed her.
You're right.
I don't know what's wrong
with me, man.
I...
I have a hard time
trusting people, you know.
Do you trust her?
Yeah.
You do?
I don't know, Beaver.
I've been hearing
some weird shit, bro.
Really weird.
No, she's not gonna...
She's not a rat.
Come here.
Sit.
Why'd you leave her there?
Why didn't you stay?
She was ODing and I didn't...
I don't know.
I didn't know
what to do, I just...
She's your friend,
and you left her alone?
No, I just...
Um...
No, I... I dropped her off
and I got out of there.
I just... there was people
there so I just got
out of there, you know.
Did you talk to anybody?
The fuck am I gonna
say to anybody?
Did you talk to anybody?
No.
You're a good kid, Beav.
I like you.
Have fun today.
Need some help?
Come on.
Fucking shit.
Yo, you reached Beaver.
You know what to do.
Hey! Where are you goin'?
I... I just need
to step out for a bit.
Hell, no, no.
You need to get your rest.
Where are your keys?
I don't...
-Meredith...
-I'll be back.
Meredith.
-Hey.
You scared me.
Whose whip is this?
Uh...
It belongs to a friend of mine.
Where the fuck have you been?
You were in the hospital.
I was.
I had a bad reaction
to something.
Are you okay?
I'll be fine.
Have you seen Beaver?
No.
You give him a ring?
Yeah, he's not pickin' up.
He's probably at Troy's.
They said they were
drinking over there.
Cool. Thanks.
I was gonna head over.
If you're going,
give me a lift?
Uh...
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Cool.
Get in.
Thanks.
Here.
No, thanks.
Right.
You must be a little gun-shy.
Yeah.
What hospital were you at?
Uh, Oak Grove.
Really?
Mmm-hmm.
I came by.
Really?
When?
Today.
I... I got out last night, so...
I was at home.
Thank you, though.
I really appreciate it.
Yeah.
Aren't you coming?
Uh, no. Can you just
send Beaver out?
Come in.
I can't.
Just... Last couple of
days, it's been... It's been
really hard, you know.
Okay.
Where the fuck is she?
I don't know. She was just here.
Beaver.
Oh! Kat! Fuck...
Come over here.
-Yo.
-No, I need to talk to you.
-You all right?
-Yeah.
You're all right.
I just...
I needed to say thank you.
I can't believe
that you're here.
Why?
I just thought that
with your mom
and all that shit, you know...
she'd drag you away and stuff.
There's... There's something
I need to tell you.
I need you
to listen to me, okay?
Take Jeff,
leave town.
Please.
I can't tell you why,
but just trust me.
Can you do that?
Where are we gonna go?
Anywhere.
-What?
-No, I mean it.
I'm being serious.
Just go.
Now you're fucking with me.
You're fucking with me,
all right?
What is this?
I'm not fucking with you.
Look who it is.
I'm really surprised
you came back here... Kat.
Whatever the fuck
your real name is.
Yo, Wyatt, can we have a minute?
No, you can't have a minute.
Gina, why don't you tell
this slow motherfucker
what we know?
Cunt's a fucking cop.
-That's bullshit.
-The fuck it is!
-No.
-Gina, what are you doing?
I went to the hospital.
There was no record
of Katherine Carter.
And I found your fucking chart,
and in everything
your name's Meredith
or some fucking shit like that!
-Get the fuck off!
-Watch out!
Yo, Wyatt, no! Let it go, man.
Wyatt, let it go, man.
-Wyatt.
-Get the fuck out
of my way, Beaver.
Kill the fucking
shit out of her.
Fucking liar!
-Go home, Gina.
-What the fuck
are you doing, Wyatt?
Get the fuck out, right now!
-What--
-Troy, get these
fuckers out of here!
Get out, get out!
Get the fuck out. Get out.
Beaver, what's goin' on?
What's goin' on?
-What the fuck?
-Troy, what the
fuck is this, man?
I told you to
get the fuck out
of here right now!
Get out. I'll call you tomorrow.
Get the fuck out.
What the fuck?
-Tie that bitch up.
-Come on.
Why am I tying her up?
Come on.
Gimme your fuckin' hands.
Fuck!
What the fuck?
Troy, come on, man,
let's just fuckin' let her go.
-Let her fucking go.
-Why am I tying her up?
Beaver, help!
Why am I tying you up?
Help me.
Yo.
-Wh... Why am I tying her up?
-Get the fuck out of the way!
Who the fuck are you?
-Are you a cop?
-No.
-Are you a fucking cop?
-No!
Wyatt...
-Is she a cop?
-Don't fuckin' do that!
Is she a cop?
Is she a fuckin'--
Shut the fuck up!
You bring a narc
into our fuckin' circle, huh?
-She's not gonna fuckin' talk.
-Well, you're a fuckin' idiot!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm tired of
asking that question.
Fuck!
Troy, follow me.
-Is she a cop?
-Get in the fucking tub!
Yo, you're fuckin' hurting her.
Are you a fuckin' cop?
Yes! Yes.
Yes.
Still trust her?
Gimme the gun, Troy.
-Wyatt, you need
to think about this.
-Give me the fucking gun.
People know she's here.
What the fuck?
Take it, Beaver.
-Why?
-Take the gun.
No.
What?
She played you.
She played all of us.
Beaver, please...
Wyatt, think about this.
Come on.
Do it, Beaver.
Please.
Pop her!
-Please, don't.
-Do it!
Please, don't.
Fuck this.
Fuck you, Beaver! Fuck--
Guys, guys, guys!
Come on.
You brought this
down on all of us.
Now you're gonna fuckin' fix it.
Wyatt, come on.
Please, don't kill me.
Which side are you on, Beaver?
Ours or theirs?
Beaver, please,
he's playing you--
Shut up.
-He's playing you--
-Nobody's playing him.
You're the only one who's
playing. Has been that way
the whole fuckin' time!
-Shut up!
-Do it--
Shut up! Shut the fuck up!
She doesn't respect you.
You know that.
Beaver, stop.
Just do it.
Motherfucker.
-No--
-I swear to God--
No!
Beaver...
Beaver, hey...
Hey.
Show me the eye.
You'll be fine in a few weeks.
I can deal you back in
if that's what you want.
It won't be free
and clear, though.
Restriction's six months,
then full reinstatement.
Yeah.
No, thanks.
We did make a difference.
Busting kids
on bullshit charges?
Fucking up their potential
for a decent future?
If we saved one life,
its good enough for me.
You should feel the same.
I don't.
You don't?
That's it?
What are you gonna do?
Go back to my normal life.
Your normal life.
See you around.
All right.
What's wrong, honey?
I don't like pancakes.
Yeah, you do.
They're your favorite, remember?
All right.
What do you want instead?
Hmm?
Eggs?
Sure.
Nathan... Nathan.
Stay still.
I am.
No, you're not.
It's not funny.
There.
All right, let's go.
We're gonna be late.
All right.
Hey, have you got everything?
Hey, Meredith.
-How're you doin', buddy?
Come on!
-Finally!
- I missed you!
- Daddy, you too.
Shadows are falling
And I've been here all day
It's too hot to sleep
And time is runnning away
Feel like my soul has
Turned into steel
I've still got the scars
That the sun
Didn't let me heal
There's not
Even room enough
To be anywhere
It's not dark yet
But it's getting there
Well my sense of humanity
Is going down the drain
Behind
Every beautiful thing
There's been
Some kind of pain
She wrote me a letter
And she wrote it so kind
She put down in writing
What was in her mind
I just don't see why
I should even care
It's not dark yet
But it's getting there
Well I been to London
And I been to gay Paree
I followed the river
And I got to the sea
I've been down
To the bottom
Of a whirlpool of lies
I ain't lookin' for nothin'
In anyone's eyes
Sometimes my burden
Is more than I can bear
It's not dark yet
But it's getting there
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org